It's a good day, everyone I'm showing.
here for you an incursion is
marquetry
not my area of ​​expertise but this
here is a special request
so I decided to do it so do I
I cut several brightest arrafs
small and dark or cheddar
in
so I cut several rabin
the dark mezzo they were in them here
up here and here in the middle
and they were all glued to one another and used
staples to make this union
they have been practically 24 hours
it was 24 hours from the clips I took
now the central idea here is a board
barbecue on special request to a
family
so I've never taken it in that area
Let's see what 's coming out of you.
can see you fast squares that are
the white and put rectangular
also what are the pebble here
the next step is to plan the
four corners here today after that
I'll pass on my roller chair
to leave it here
the appliance on both sides
after you have passed the roll
quartered round these fields
four corners here will be rounded
and I will spend a finish on Tupy and
about an inch and a half inside
I will make a type one every time
reentrancy with the weakness of tupy's
who stay idle cutting the meat
choose something and it will flow
for this channel I'm going to do here
it's good
For today, that's what I'm going to present.
for you guys
It's but I'll be back to continue
forehead ready for you to see how
It has been assumed that what the person
will you receive it?
I like work, a hug to everyone. Good.
day